Allow to send/receive message from bg <> iframe (#13)
wazo-communication/euc-plugins-js-sdk: documentation/docs/portal.md

# Customizing the Portal (coming soon)

:::info

> This part is still in development process, the customization is not available for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This part is still in development, customization is unavailable for now.
```

:::

:::caution

> `manifest.json` files should be served with a http server with CORS enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`manifest.json` files should be served using a CORS-enabled http server.
```
